the best plan for your family if they have an emergency you're on your
way is for them to you know make sure they have the phone numbers that
they need a head of time so that they can address those issues obviously
if it's summer agency they ought to be calling nine one one
right but after that if they need to get a hold of you you know there's
the commando buds men that they can get a hold of who has a direct
link to the commanding officer and the CMC of that unit to then
you know get a hold of you to try and get you home and they'll be able
to use the resources like red cross or some other Avenue to to get
you home if need be in the event of an emergency